# Week 11 & 12 - TITLE

[Back](README.md) | [Week 11 & 12 outline](https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/week_outlines.md#week-11-12)

Week 11 & 12 Learning Objectives

- [x] Evaluate what constitutes Enough Design Up Front (EDUF) for the project.
- [x] Compare EDUF with BDUF and NDUF and discuss how these might affect the outcome of the project.
- [x] Link 'Incremental Development' with the concept of user stories and BDD.
- [x] Link 'Iterative Development' with the concept of Agile planning.
- [x] Apply Agile methodologies throughout the project.
- [x] Identify a Minumum Viable Product (/Prototype) for your project.
- [x] Express the application as a set of user stories before writing a line of code.
- [x] Use user stories as the basis for writing feature tests.
- [x] Apply outside-in testing using feature- and unit-testing frameworks.
- [x] Achieve a high level of test coverage using a coverage framework.
- [x] Implement a successful workflow pattern using a git branching strategy.
- [x] Link source code control with successful teamworking.
- [x] Evaluate the effectiveness of pair programming in your project.
- [x] Evaluate how pair programming supports reduction of WIP.

Achievement plans

- [x] Attend [Algorithm Complexity seminar]

---

## Tuesday

Learning Objective & Achievement Plan

- [x] Attend [Algorithm Complexity seminar]

## Retrospective

### Achievements this week

- [x] Evaluate what constitutes Enough Design Up Front (EDUF) for the project.
- [x] Compare EDUF with BDUF and NDUF and discuss how these might affect the outcome of the project.
- [x] Link 'Incremental Development' with the concept of user stories and BDD.
- [x] Link 'Iterative Development' with the concept of Agile planning.
- [x] Apply Agile methodologies throughout the project.
- [x] Identify a Minumum Viable Product (/Prototype) for your project.
- [x] Express the application as a set of user stories before writing a line of code.
- [x] Use user stories as the basis for writing feature tests.
- [x] Apply outside-in testing using feature- and unit-testing frameworks.
- [x] Achieve a high level of test coverage using a coverage framework.
- [x] Implement a successful workflow pattern using a git branching strategy.
- [x] Link source code control with successful teamworking.
- [x] Evaluate the effectiveness of pair programming in your project.
- [x] Evaluate how pair programming supports reduction of WIP.

### Score: 8

#### Reasons for Score



#### End of Course Survey

- **How was your learning process enabled the most - and why?**

  I was encouraged to do self led learning, which I really find a good process.

- **How was your learning process hindered the most - and why?**

  Agile was really hard to learn without examples or practising with someone who already is familiar with agile.

- **Can you describe what you found to be the most effective support you received - and why?**

  Reviews and process workshops were very useful, letting me know where I could improve, and also confirming the good thing I was doing.

- **Can you describe what you found to be the least effective support you received - and why?**

  There was little assistance on how to work as a team/agile processes.

- **What would you suggest they start doing as soon as they can?**

  Start katas and the Ruby Koans, to get familiar with syntax, meaning you can focus on wider paradigms during the course itself.

- **What would you suggest they avoid doing?**

  Sitting around doing nothing.

### Material to re-cover

- First material

---

<!-- Links -->

<!-- From Week 1 -->

[First day intro]: Intro_first_day.md
[TDD process skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/TDD_process.md
[Debugging skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/debugging.md
[Mocking skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/mocking.md
[Test Driving practical]: ../skills_workshops/test_driving_practice.md

<!-- From week 2 -->

[Code Review skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/code_review.md
[Process Review workshop]: ../process_workshop.md
[Domain Modelling skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/domain_modelling.md
[Feedback skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/feedback.md
[Mocking with RSpec practical]: ../skills_workshops/mocking_with_rspec.md
[Refactoring skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/refactoring.md
[Concretes and Abstracts skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/concretes_and_abstracts.md
[Delegation skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/delegation.md

<!-- From week 3 -->

[Servers 1 skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/servers_1.md
[Servers 2 skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/servers_2.md
[Clients 1 skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/clients_1.md
[Process modelling skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/http_modelling.md
[Birthday Greeter App skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/birthday_greeter_app.md
[Empathy EQ workshop]: ../skills_workshops/empathy.md
[Debugging 2 skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/debugging_2.md
[Debugging a Rack App skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/debugging_a_rack_app.md

<!-- From week 4 -->

[Illustrated Intro to Databases]: https://illustrated.dev/databases
[SQLZoo]: ../skills_workshops/sqlzoo.md
[Development Environments pill]: https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/pills/development_environments.md
[Class methods and Instance Methods article]: https://hackmd.io/sOCjb8IcSIaPvT54SXBb3Q
[REST Game skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/REST_game.md
[Database Domain Modelling skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/database_domain_modelling.md
[Diary App skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/diary_app.md

<!-- From week 5 -->

[JS Objects and Prototypes skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/js_objects_prototypes.md
[JS Closures skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/js_closures.md
[CodeAcademy guide to semicolons]: https://news.codecademy.com/your-guide-to-semicolons-in-javascript/
[Getting Visibility in JavaScript skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/visibility_javascript.md
[Spies and Mocking in JavaScript skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/spies_mocking_javascript.md
[Callbacks and Async skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/callbacks_async_javascript.md

<!-- From week 6 -->

[Optimise Your Team - Communication EQ workshop]: ../skills_workshops/communication.md

<!-- From week 7 -->

[Frontend Single Page App skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/frontend_single_page_app.md
[JavaScript Promises skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/javascript_promises.md
[JavaScript Module Patterns skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/javascript_module_patterns.md
[Async and the Event Loop skills workshop]: ../skills_workshops/async_event_loop.md
[Intro to Machine Learning Seminar]: ../skills_workshops/intro_machine_learning.md

<!-- From week 8 & 9 -->

[Intro to Machine Learning Seminar]: ../skills_workshops/intro_machine_learning.md
[Stuff I'd Tell My Younger Self - Dougal Simpson - Lunchtime Talk]: ../skills_workshops/stuff_id_tell_my_younger_self.md
[Review]: /reviews.md
[Careers Design workshop]: ../careers/careers_design_workshop.md
[Creative Job Hunting seminar]: ../careers/creative_job_hunting.md

<!-- From Week 10 -->

[Bank]: https://github.com/hturnbull93/bank
[Bank in JS]: https://github.com/hturnbull93/bank-js
[Careers CV Starter workshop]: ../careers/cv_starter_workshop.md
[Bank in Node]: https://github.com/hturnbull93/bank-node
[Bank in Python]: https://github.com/hturnbull93/bank-py
[Careers CV formatting workshop]: ../careers/cv_formatting_workshop.md

<!-- New in Week 11 & 12 -->

[Algorithm Complexity seminar]: ../skills_workshops/algorithmic_complexity.md